End-User License Agreement (EULA) of Silas Pro ML Toolkit CLI

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and
Dependable Intelligence

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our Silas software
("Software") directly from Dependable Intelligence or indirectly through a
Dependable Intelligence authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation
process and using the Silas software. It provides a license to use the Silas
software and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

By installing and/or using the Silas software, you are confirming your
acceptance of the Software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this
EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other
legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and
its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority
or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do
not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Dependable
Intelligence herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or
described herein. The terms also apply to any Dependable Intelligence updates,
supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software,
unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

License Grant

Dependable Intelligence hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable,
non-exclusive licence to use the Silas software on your devices in
accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the Silas software (for example a PC, laptop,
mobile or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your
device meets the minimum requirements of the Silas software.

You are NOT permitted to: - Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use
the Software for any commercial purpose. - Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate
or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole
or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any
other software, nor decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer the Software or
otherwise attempt to derive its internal working. - Allow any third party to use
the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party. - Use the
Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or
international law. - Use the Software for any purpose that Dependable
Intelligence considers is a breach of this EULA agreement.

Intellectual Property and Ownership

Dependable Intelligence shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as
originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by
you. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of
whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are
and shall remain the property of Dependable Intelligence.

Dependable Intelligence reserves the right to grant licences to use the Software
to third parties.

Termination

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and
shall continue until terminated. It terminates in case you fail to renew your 
licence. You may terminate it at any time upon written notice to Dependable 
Intelligence. 

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this
EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA
agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of
the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will
survive any termination of this EULA agreement.

Governing Law

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of Australia.


--------- 
Below are the licences of the third party libraries used by Silas.
---------

Z3 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation All rights reserved. MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---------

Intel TBB http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

---------

termcolor Copyright (c) 2013, Ihor Kalnytskyi. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the software as well as
documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or
  promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
  permission.

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

---------

CLI11 1.6 Copyright (c) 2017-2018 University of Cincinnati, developed by Henry
Schreiner under NSF AWARD 1414736. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of CLI11, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

---------

rapidjson Copyright (C) 2015 THL A29 Limited, a Tencent company, and Milo Yip.
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.





